fifty-three obese green measures 31.5
diagonally it has a refresh rate of 60
megahertz with video processing that
enhances video performance 60 megahertz
is fine for slower moving video but will
result in pixelization during fast
action scenes to add to video
performance LG has incorporated its
triple XD engine which provides video
deinterlacing color and contrast
enhancements and video noise reduction
this adds to the overall image quality
the 32 Lane 53 Obi comes with seven
picture modes that preset different
video aspect ratios these presets enable
16 to 9 widescreen imaging without any
scaling this preserves the sharpness of
the original video signal which can be
degraded during scaling other aspect
ratios are supported by internal scaling
which enables these video modes to
utilize as much of the screen as
possible the 32 Lane 53 Obi supports a
number of Evan puts and outputs
including one of RF and for antenna or
cable inputs one Evan for audio and
video input to component inputs one on
the side and one on the rear of the
television one USB connector one digital
video out one rs-232 connection and one
headphone output power consumption is
quite modest with this television which
has earned it an Energy Star rating it
consumes a scant twenty eight nine w of
power during typical use standby mode
uses only three w the 32 lane 5300 B
comes with a swivel stand a standard
remote two AAA batteries for the remote
and one year parts and labor warranty
the 32 Lane 5300 B is a very good 32 LED
television for the money
it contains the right amount of features
and performance to satisfy most
consumers who are looking for a basic
television at a nice price it doesn't
natively support 1080p video
reproduction but the video processors
within the television do a nice job of
hosting 1080 content the television also
offers a very nice array of features and
connectivity options